Adding guidance to not hard wrap files (#26556)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

== General file guidelines

* Set your editor to strip trailing whitespace.
* Do *not* hard wrap lines at 80 characters (or at any other length).
+

> It is not necessary to update existing content to unwrap lines, but you can feel free to fix any lines that you are currently working in.

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
It is not necessary to update existing content to unwrap lines, but you can remove existing wrapping from any lines that you are currently working in.
```
